docs: added plugin version issue notice to contributing guide [APE-869] (#1394)
ApeWorX/ape: CONTRIBUTING.md

pip install -e .'[dev]'
```

> ##### NOTE: You might run into issues where you have a local install and are trying to work with a plugin pinned to a specific version.

Reviewer: this is the wrong number of `#`

> ##### NOTE: You might run into issues where you have a local install and are trying to work with a plugin pinned to a specific version.

Reviewer: `#` is for titles, not notes.
For notes do this use the asterisks. (Look at other parts of the docs with the bolded notes part.)

> [The easy solution](https://github.com/ApeWorX/ape/issues/90) to this is simple fetch the tags via `git fetch upstream --tags` and reinstall via `pip install ..` You will then have the correct version.

Reviewer: 1 sentence per line

> [The easy solution](https://github.com/ApeWorX/ape/issues/90) to this is simple fetch the tags via `git fetch upstream --tags` and reinstall via `pip install ..` You will then have the correct version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[The easiest solution](https://github.com/ApeWorX/ape/issues/90) to this is to fetch the tags via `git fetch upstream --tags` and reinstall via `pip install ..`.
You will then have the correct version.
```

pip install -e .'[dev]'
```

**NOTE**: You might run into issues where you have a local install and are trying to work with a plugin pinned to a specific version.

> [The easiest solution](https://github.com/ApeWorX/ape/issues/90) to this is to fetch the tags via `git fetch upstream --tags` and reinstall via `pip install ..` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[The easiest solution](https://github.com/ApeWorX/ape/issues/90) to this is to fetch the tags via `git fetch upstream --tags` and reinstall via `pip install .`. 
```
